Davey Phillips great game two neighbors
of Sheffield how do you think the guys
performed we definitely stepped it up a
level we've we've been playing some of
the lower teams recently I think
dollarboyz new lab Sheffield any playoff
champions and they're gonna have to step
it up a level and plant up to be them
and we did and was a good machine joint
and back their own defense again yeah it
helps it a little bit when you go from
far 25 demon and said it's a big
difference you know is what's it like in
the dressing right now with your player
coach sort of leader the team up in the
stands huh it's a little different but I
guess these thought leaders in the
dressing room sir sowwy people who step
up
you know you know there's one factor
tonight that really didn't come into
play as much as we thought of it but
it's a new player for the Sheffield
Steelers and you can't blue peter Andy
yeah your first game in the Elite League
your first professional game games of
any sport isn't it yeah and then
definitely your first professional ice
hockey score how did you think you you
performed up there tonight well yeah the
me in the bench where everybody's by the
way we actually embraced and Who am I
find each other never had such a close
relationship with something they may be
but like yeah it was awesome actually
just been there you know like even I
didn't actually get game you know it's
phenomenal the energy that is on the
bench you know because people just chop
it over coming back in town and I
switched on the players are you know
it's phenomenal you know I I had a
little scare with them you know it we're
training session with them and stuff and
you know I think I'm quite competent I
skater but when you see these guys and
stopping turning you know and the puck
skills just phenomenal you know just
realize what have much of a you know a
high level it is compared to being a
novice you know it's it's just
ridiculous and one of them what's it
like experienced from that level from a
struggle forget I mean it's like being
in a football pitch if I was in the
dugout in a football pitch with all the
rest of the players be absolutely
ecstatic you know you didn't feel like
feel like a spectator a really felt like
a member of the team and you know I know
not making like that for Chinese and
that's why we're so chose to be party
yeah yeah now Davey as happy as you are
at the wynn you still look a little
disappointed does it take you back to
your childhood are you still a little
angry that and you didn't bring you a
blue peter back yeah uh-huh but kind of
like Tom I think there's been a few
requests for that but Annie how are you
I converted ice hockey fan
Oh Sam thinking that always okies i'm
always dipped in and out over the NHL
and stuff and I've never actually sat
down and you know even went to watch on
TV and everybody fully watched up much
like another third and then whatever but
actually coming and watching it in the
stadium and actually seen it live on the
ice it's changed my life Blake is
awesome well we were doing our part up
there we've got the chance we had 4,000
people chanting we want blue peter we
want blue peter and Dave Mack I don't
know if you recognize the champ but
that's what the chant that was going
through the arena like that yeah and
unfortunately Dave mattos wasn't
listening to us you know do you think
that uh think that maybe if you got that
chance you could have broken the game
wide open I would have left you know
what I've had this dream this dream
that's not right but I'm saying on the
bench and then like last last like
millions of him it was like 55 I came on
sled one score the winning goal honestly
had that dream and almost a reality was
faculties to be in reality be sure they
lose i might let that dream yeah well in
the game experience i think it was a
good experience for everyone I think
it's great for the Steelers to have you
out there and I think everyone had a
good time with you out there and we you
know we've had our announcement soon
warm up for you and then the fans really
liked it but thanks for making ice
hockey I guess a new sport for a lot of
blue peter fence yeah and thank you
watching the game you got some ID before
I mean pelvis Roxanne enormously I love
it and hopefully I'll come back again
and have been play for you guys next
time I'm just me and maybe break some
rules Badgers really good hey that's a
promise okay
gives me the biggest funny mom oh cuz he
I don't know any well it's cuz you're 15
blue big was coming over those over
there got all excited anymore movie yeah
it wasn't dessert you significant boys
are installed sounds nice yeah those
days but I was gonna budge so dumb
wretches challenge yeah well Shepherd
kick ass man something remains of use on
our skull and you might have got shipped
out some spots on